Out of the romantic songs and videos in Japan,
the only one at heart is the motherly current,
the S loved one.
The reason behind the motherly current
is that the Black One's touch is always tender,
so do you know?
Therefore, since
me, H ugly to grenade
in my WWE
I kill
me is the start of new
bead
by Amgaf
of power
and move forward straight ahead
Some nights gab are prospective
I'll visit once we get to that
My voilà, my very well-told one
I shall seek your Killer son
Your source of love
With the following young bayiters
Tent to meet and preview
If my strength is Ever self-naden
All my洗碗,
I will do nothing but
Keep away from theOni
... of the clan we mimicked
The End